Bugsnag device mode updates for iOS SDK v2 (#610)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/error-reporting/bugsnag.mdx

```
</span>
</li>
</ol>
      </TabPanel>
       <TabPanel>
          <div class="warningBlock">

>           This device mode integration is supported for Bugsnag v8.15.0 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          This device mode integration is supported for Bugsnag v6.16.4 and above.
```
